com/example/theapp/DeckDialogFragment.java
 com.example.theapp.DeckDialogFragment
 com.example.theapp.DeckDialogFragment$1
 com.example.theapp.DeckDialogFragment$2
com/example/theapp/adapters/MyAdapter.java
 com.example.theapp.adapters.MyAdapter
com/example/theapp/fragments/StatisticsFragment.java
 com.example.theapp.fragments.StatisticsFragment
com/example/theapp/databinding/ItemDeckBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.ItemDeckBinding
com/example/theapp/User.java
 com.example.theapp.User
com/example/theapp/adapters/MyViewHolder.java
 com.example.theapp.adapters.MyViewHolder
com/example/theapp/databinding/DeckDialogBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.DeckDialogBinding
com/example/theapp/fragments/MenuBottomDeckFragment.java
 com.example.theapp.fragments.MenuBottomDeckFragment
 com.example.theapp.fragments.MenuBottomDeckFragment$1
com/example/theapp/data/Deck.java
 com.example.theapp.data.Deck
com/example/theapp/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/theapp/databinding/FragmentDeckBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.FragmentDeckBinding
com/example/theapp/databinding/ActivityBrowsingDeckBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.ActivityBrowsingDeckBinding
com/example/theapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/theapp/databinding/FragmentStatisticsBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.FragmentStatisticsBinding
com/example/theapp/CardTest.java
 com.example.theapp.CardTest
com/example/theapp/databinding/ItemBrowsingCardsBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.ItemBrowsingCardsBinding
com/example/theapp/databinding/ItemTestBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.ItemTestBinding
com/example/theapp/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.theapp.SignUpActivity
com/example/theapp/databinding/DialogCardBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.DialogCardBinding
com/example/theapp/data/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.example.theapp.data.DatabaseHelper
com/example/theapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/theapp/databinding/MenuBottomCardBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.MenuBottomCardBinding
com/example/theapp/databinding/MenuBottomSheetDialogLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.MenuBottomSheetDialogLayoutBinding
com/example/theapp/databinding/ItemRecyclerViewBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.ItemRecyclerViewBinding
com/example/theapp/adapters/RecyclerViewAdapterCard.java
 com.example.theapp.adapters.RecyclerViewAdapterCard
 com.example.theapp.adapters.RecyclerViewAdapterCard$OnItemLongClickListener
 com.example.theapp.adapters.RecyclerViewAdapterCard$ViewHolder
 com.example.theapp.adapters.RecyclerViewAdapterCard$ViewHolder$1
com/example/theapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.theapp.BuildConfig
com/example/theapp/fragments/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.theapp.fragments.ProfileFragment
 com.example.theapp.fragments.ProfileFragment$1
com/example/theapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.theapp.MainActivity
 com.example.theapp.MainActivity$1
com/example/theapp/data/Card.java
 com.example.theapp.data.Card
com/example/theapp/LogInActivity.java
 com.example.theapp.LogInActivity
 com.example.theapp.LogInActivity$1
 com.example.theapp.LogInActivity$1$1
 com.example.theapp.LogInActivity$2
com/example/theapp/databinding/ActivitySignupBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.ActivitySignupBinding
com/example/theapp/time/MyTimeAdapter.java
 com.example.theapp.time.MyTimeAdapter
com/example/theapp/adapters/RecyclerViewAdapterDecks.java
 com.example.theapp.adapters.RecyclerViewAdapterDecks
 com.example.theapp.adapters.RecyclerViewAdapterDecks$DeckViewHolder
 com.example.theapp.adapters.RecyclerViewAdapterDecks$DeckViewHolder$1
 com.example.theapp.adapters.RecyclerViewAdapterDecks$DeckViewHolder$2
 com.example.theapp.adapters.RecyclerViewAdapterDecks$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.theapp.adapters.RecyclerViewAdapterDecks$OnItemLongClickListener
com/example/theapp/databinding/DialogRenameDeckBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.DialogRenameDeckBinding
com/example/theapp/databinding/LayoutMenuBottomCardBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.LayoutMenuBottomCardBinding
com/example/theapp/databinding/CardTestBinding.java
 com.example.theapp.databinding.CardTestBinding
com/example/theapp/fragments/MenuBottomCardFragment.java
 com.example.theapp.fragments.MenuBottomCardFragment
 com.example.theapp.fragments.MenuBottomCardFragment$1
com/example/theapp/DeckBrowsingCardsActivity.java
 com.example.theapp.DeckBrowsingCardsActivity
 com.example.theapp.DeckBrowsingCardsActivity$1
 com.example.theapp.DeckBrowsingCardsActivity$2
 com.example.theapp.DeckBrowsingCardsActivity$3
 com.example.theapp.DeckBrowsingCardsActivity$3$1
 com.example.theapp.DeckBrowsingCardsActivity$4
com/example/theapp/CardDialogFragment.java
 com.example.theapp.CardDialogFragment
 com.example.theapp.CardDialogFragment$1
 com.example.theapp.CardDialogFragment$2
com/example/theapp/fragments/DeckFragment.java
 com.example.theapp.fragments.DeckFragment
 com.example.theapp.fragments.DeckFragment$1
 com.example.theapp.fragments.DeckFragment$2
 com.example.theapp.fragments.DeckFragment$3
 com.example.theapp.fragments.DeckFragment$4
